# Pet_Shop_Inventory_Project

**Tools and Technologies used : **

Visual Studio 2019 (C#)
MS SQL Server

**Modules of Proposed System**

Login Module:
• This module will allow the administrator to login the system
• A username and password are required to login.
• Employees can login with the registered username and password.

Customer Module:
• Customer details will be managed by the admin and employees.
• This module will store and provide details of the customers in the
system.
• New Customers will be added through this module.
• It will store personal details of a particular customer.

Product Module:
• This module will store and provide details of the products in the system.
• New Products will be added through this module.
• It will store the category, quantity and price of the products.

Category Module:
• Category module allows users to select the category of the product or pets.
• There are categories such as pets name, pets food, accessories, etc.

Billing Module:
• This module allows the admin to see the order summary and generate the bill.
• The customer details, products details are displayed and the admin can select the
customer or product.
• The transaction details are also displayed in this module.

Printing Content:
• This module allows admin to see and download prints of products or pets bought by
the customers.

Dashboard:
• This module shows analytics and reports generated by the system to the admin.
• The reports include the data about the pets, products and cash in the system.
